nixos/syncthing: fix defaults config and use PATCH for settings (#529449)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2611.section.md

- `services.firezone.server.provision` has been removed due to it being unmaintanable. Remove all uses of provisioning and use the WebUI to configure firezone.

> - The `services.syncthing` module now updates the Syncthing REST API using partial updates (`PATCH`) instead of full replacements (`PUT`) for general settings. This means that Syncthing-managed state is no longer inadvertently deleted when applying a NixOS configuration. As a result, settings modified manually through the Syncthing Web UI that are not explicitly defined in your Nix configuration will now persist across rebuilds.

Reviewer: Not bad, but it'd be nice to mention the Nixpkgs issues this PR fixes, and admit this wasn't truly functional before. I also deleted a sentence which I think is a bit unclear and not very important so it seems.

```suggestion
- The `services.syncthing` module now updates the Syncthing REST API using partial updates (`PATCH`) instead of full replacements (`PUT`) for general settings. Updating these settings was broken and prone to errors after updates, see [#428808](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/issues/428808) and [#528889](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/issues/528889). As a result, settings modified manually through the Syncthing Web UI that are not explicitly defined in your Nix configuration will now persist across rebuilds.
```

Author: fair enough, thanks for the help, I learnt a lot! Will make this change and push
